Working branch for docs (#369)
LF-Decentralized-Trust-labs/paladin: doc-site/docs/concepts/advanced_crypto.md

### Fungible tokens

Coin selection, proof generation and transfer of coins containing an owner and a numeric value.

### Non-fungible tokens

Uniqueness of an identifiable token within a smart contract, and the transfer of ownership of that token.

### Off-chain encrypted data transfer

The separation of the data from the proof submitted on-chain, requiring separate encrypted transfer (provided by Paladin) of the states.

> Off-chain transfer avoids the need to write data with a static encryption key immutably to a chain. A detailed discussion of protection of counter-party risk in DvP scenarios from non-disclosure of data using Pente Private EVM privacy groups is being prepared at the time of writing of this introduction.

### On-chain encryption of data

Options using on-chain encryption are also provided. Encryptions are performed inside the ZKP circuit such that they are guaranteed to be decipherable by the receiver.

### Nullifiers for additional anonymity

Nullifiers mask the spending of a coin in a way that only the spender knows which coin was spent - providing increased levels of anonymity.

> Paladin supports the use coordination required for generation of nullifiers for states by the owners of those states, as an advanced wallet and distributed state management function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paladin supports the coordination required for generation of nullifiers for states by the owners of those states, as an advanced wallet and distributed state management function.
```

### Snark friendly encryption and hashing

> The Babyjubjub curve is used for the public key cryptography. Public keys derived on this curve are used to represent ownership of the tokens. The hashing algorithm to construct onchain commitments and nullifiers is Poseidon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Baby Jubjub curve is used for the public key cryptography. Public keys derived on this curve are used to represent ownership of the tokens. The hashing algorithm to construct onchain commitments and nullifiers is Poseidon.
```
